Okay, you weren't lying.
That was incredible.
Where'd you learn how to do that?
It's actually my first time.
I'm just kidding.
I lived in Italy, actually, for a long time.
Really?
I learned it there.
I loved it ever since.
And your salad isn't too shabby either.
I don't know.
I won't.
It will take not too shabby.
Is it kind of chilly in here, too?
Yeah.
Let's go out to the fireplace.
I haven't shown you that yet.
Should we take the wine?
Great idea.
Cheers.
To good luck.
They brought us together?
Twice.
To good luck.
You know, I feel bad.
I don't actually know anything about you.
What do you mean?
For starters, like, we're from parents.
I didn't mean to cross a little bit.
I appreciate you wanting to know.
It's just that I...
My parents died.
I was young, so I don't really remember it.
But they told me it was a car accident.